Bloomington, Ill. – The Carroll University men's basketball team lost 61-79 on the road against the Illinois Wesleyan Titans. The Pios shot 41.1% from the field. The Pios struggled from the three-point line making just seven on the night. Kobe Simpson led the Pios with 13 points on the night. Both Justin Steinike and Eckahelo Simpson added eight points.

The Pioneers (4-17, 1-11 CCIW) Struggled shooting the ball, shooting just 30%. The Pios went 1-14 from the arc in the first half, which proved to be the difference as the two teams went into the half. The bench contributed 22 points; Paradiso Dante scored 7 points. The Pios battled on the boards as they secured 33 rebounds. Eight rebounds were offensive, which turned into seven chance points for the Pios. Seven steals helped give the team 17 fast break points. Steinike and Justin Gruber led the way with two steals a piece.   

The game started on a 0-6 run for the Titans before Steinike finally drew a foul getting to the free throw line. The two teams would trade baskets until the Pios cut the lead to 9-12 with 13:14 to go in the half. The Pios struggled shooting in the first half as the Titans chipped away at the Carroll defense to take a 20-point lead with 3:11 to go in the half. However, in the last three minutes of the half Carroll was able to go on a 7-0 run sparked by a Tyler Miller three to go into the half down 24-37. Coming out of the half, Carroll went on a 6-0 run from Kobe and Steinike three-pointers, cutting the lead down to seven. The Pios found a little life cutting the lead to just five with 18:06 to go in the game. However, the Titans would go on their own 7-0 run to put them back up 34-46. The two teams would battle back and forth the rest of the half, but poor shooting and turnovers proved too much for the Pioneers. The game would end as Carroll fell short 61-79.

The Pios are back at home as for their second to last home game. Elmhurst makes the drive up on Wednesday, Feb. 8, at Van Male Fieldhouse.
